adjust tests (#1988)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Breaking changes 💔</h3>

> * The `shots` property has been removed from `OQDDevice`. The number of shots for a qnode execution is now set directly on the qnode via `qml.setshots(qnode)`.

Author: ```suggestion
* The `shots` property has been removed from `OQDDevice`. The number of shots for a qnode execution is now set directly on the qnode via `qml.set_shots`,
  either used as decorator `@qml.set_shots(num_shots)` or directly on the qnode `qml.set_shots(qnode, shots=num_shots)`.
```
